DOC Form sudo mode (#684)
silverstripe/developer-docs: en/08_Changelogs/5.4.0.md

Reviewer: Need to add a note that any end-to-end tests editing anything that's now protected with sudo mode will need to be updated to fill in the form or disable sudo, and link to the "disabling sudo mode" behat docs.

## Features and enhancements

### Sudo mode for sensitive data {#form-sudo-mode}

Some data managed by the CMS is always considered sensitive from a security point of view, such as member data and permissions assigned to groups. Data of this nature is now protected by default by "sudo mode" in the CMS. When a user tries to edit sensitive data, they will be prompted to enter their password to confirm their identity.

This change was made to provide an extra layer of protection against cross site scripting (XSS) attacks, as well as people maliciously using someone elses computer left unattended in a logged-in state.

> Users will still be able to view sensitive data without entering their password as they could before. Previously "sudo mode" only protected a members MFA settings. Now the following [`DataObject`](api:SilverStripe\ORM\DataObject) subclasses are now protected by sudo mode:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users will still be able to view sensitive data without entering their password as they could before. Previously "sudo mode" only protected a member's MFA settings. Now the following [`DataObject`](api:SilverStripe\ORM\DataObject) subclasses are also protected by sudo mode:
```

Author: Updated

- [`Member`](api:SilverStripe\Security\Member)
- [`Group`](api:SilverStripe\Security\Group)
- [`PermissionRole`](api:SilverStripe\Security\PermissionRole)
- [`PermissionRoleCode`](api:SilverStripe\Security\PermissionRoleCode)
- [`SiteConfig`](api:SilverStripe\SiteConfig\SiteConfig)

> You can also add sudo mode to your own `DataObject` subclass by setting the [`DataObject.require_sudo_mode`](api:SilverStripe\ORM\DataObject->require_sudo_mode) configuration property to `true`.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
You can also add sudo mode to your own `DataObject` subclass by setting the [`DataObject.require_sudo_mode`](api:SilverStripe\ORM\DataObject->require_sudo_mode) configuration property to `true`.

```php
namespace App\Model;

use SilverStripe\ORM\DataObject;

class Product extends DataObject
{
    // ...
    private static bool $require_sudo_mode = true;
}
```
````
Just to avoid anyone misunderstanding to think they have to set it on `DataObject` directly.
Alternatively show the example in YAML instead.

Author: Updated

> Previously sudo mode was automatically activated when a user logged in, which largely negated the value the feature provided. This has now been changed so that this no longer happens and users will always have to enter their password to activate sudo mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously sudo mode was automatically activated when a user logged in, which largely negated the value the feature provided. This has now been changed so that users will always have to enter their password to activate sudo mode the first time they reach a sensitive area of the CMS.

There is still a configurable grace period where, after entering your password to activate sudo mode, it will remain active for a short time.
```

Author: Updated
